{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  <br> When giving something, the principle of loss is intrinsic to the gesture. Something less \'96 no matter the form, nor type of belonging \'96 in the archive of the material and immaterial possessions from the one who gives. It pierces the wheel of reciprocal gains and the household of our daily interactions. The form of the gift and the form of the action come both back and forth in a dialogue. It can be a repetition of the same act, repeated over time, to create said form.\
 \
    <br></br>\
\
Often using performance as a primary medium, Arseneau's work weaves source material taken from human interactions and gestures, stock image websites and found places. Documentation of performances are often transformed into video, photography, or installation to become an autonomous piece. Sought is the fine line between the documented and its fiction, as human activities often operate in a narrative structure or are conducted by a reifying force. Landscapes, the social, the historical and the imaginary, are in constant alteration engendered by systems of representation. \
\
       <br></br>\
These sometimes incomprehensible dynamics trigger Arseneau's work, where the body, human or non-human, enters into interruption. The result is a configuration in space that suggests a suspended narrative \'96 an implausible storyline existing in a temporal state between successive, created actions of drama, and actions which have already taken place.\
\
           <br></br>\
\
Jessica Arseneau received her B.A. from the Universit\'e9 de Moncton (2011) and was a member of the artist studio Atelier King Kong from 2013 to 2015 (Montreal). Public presentations of her work occurred at contemporary art spaces such as Darling Foundry (Montreal), BronxArtSpace (New York), FICFA (Moncton) and Janaklees for Visual Arts (Alexandrie), Traverse Vid\'e9o (Toulouse), HGB Galerie (Leipzig), Agora Collective (Berlin), Gallery 301 (Seoul). She currently studies in HGB Leipzig, Germany.\
<br/>\
\
\
<br>\
Lorsque l\'92on donne quelque chose, le principe de la perte est intrins\'e8que au geste. Quelque chose de moins - peu importe la forme ou le type d'appartenance - dans les archives des possessions mat\'e9rielles et immat\'e9rielles de celui qui donne. Il perce la roue des gains r\'e9ciproques et le foyer de nos interactions quotidiennes. La forme du don et la forme de l'action entrent en dialogue. Ceci peut \'eatre la r\'e9p\'e9tition d\'92un m\'eame acte, r\'e9p\'e9t\'e9 dans le temps pour cr\'e9er la dite forme.\
\
    <br></br>\
\
En utilisant la performance comme m\'e9dium principal, le travail de Arseneau tisse des sources tir\'e9es de gestes et d'interactions humaines, d\'92images stock de sites webs et de lieux trouv\'e9s. La documentation de performances est transform\'e9e en vid\'e9o, en photographie ou en installation pour devenir une pi\'e8ce autonome. La ligne de d\'e9marcation entre le documentaire et la fiction est recherch\'e9e, car les activit\'e9s humaines op\'e8rent maintes fois dans une structure narrative ou sont men\'e9es par une force r\'e9ifi\'e9e. Les paysages, le social, l'historique et l'imaginaire sont en perp\'e9tuelle alt\'e9ration engendr\'e9e par des syst\'e8mes de repr\'e9sentation.\
\
        <br></br>\
    \
    Ces dynamiques parfois incompr\'e9hensibles d\'e9clenchent le travail de Arseneau o\'f9 le corps, humain ou non humain, entre en interruption. Le r\'e9sultat est une configuration dans l'espace qui sugg\'e8re un r\'e9cit suspendu - un sc\'e9nario invraisemblable existant dans un \'e9tat temporel entre des actions de drame successives et cr\'e9\'e9es, et des actions qui ont d\'e9j\'e0 eu lieu.\
\
        <br></br>\
  Jessica Arseneau a re\'e7u son B.A. de l'Universit\'e9 de Moncton (2011) et \'e9tait membre du studio d'artiste Atelier King Kong de 2013 \'e0 2015 (Montr\'e9al). Les pr\'e9sentations publiques de son travail ont eu lieu dans des espaces d'art contemporain et actuel tels que la Fonderie Darling (Montr\'e9al), BronxArtSpace (New York), FICFA (Moncton), Janaklees pour les arts visuels (Alexandrie), Traverse Vid\'e9o (Toulouse), HGB Galerie (Leipzig), Agora Collective. (Berlin), Galerie 301 (S\'e9oul). Elle \'e9tudie actuellement \'e0 Hochschule f\'fcr Grafik und Buchkunst Leipzig (Academy of Visual Arts Leipzig), en Allemagne.\
\
    </br>}