{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19960\viewh13960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1628\tx1691\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1646\fi-7\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 En travaillant avec divers m\'e9dias, Jessica Arseneau \'e9voque les syst\'e8mes de repr\'e9sentation et leurs interactions avec les activit\'e9s humaines. De ces repr\'e9sentations, se r\'e9v\'e8le des paysages urbains ou en marge des villes, des lieux, une fa\'e7ade architecturale, des images stocks, des banni\'e8res et des gestes du corps humain comme sph\'e8res de recherche ou comme m\'e9dium.  \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1628\tx1691\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1646\fi-7\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Often using performance as a primary medium, Arseneau's work weaves source material taken from human interactions and gestures, stock image websites and found places. Documentation of performances are often transformed into video, photography, or installation to become an autonomous piece. Sought is the fine line between the documented and its fiction, as human activities often operate in a narrative structure or are conducted by a reifying force. Landscapes, the social, the historical and the imaginary, are in constant alteration engendered by systems of representation. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1646\fi-1647\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 		  When giving something, the principle of loss is intrinsic to the gesture. Something less \'96 no matter the form, nor type of belonging \'96 in the archive of the material and immaterial possessions from the one who gives. It pierces the wheel of reciprocal gains and the household of our daily interactions. The form of the gift and the form of the action come both back and forth in a dialogue. It can be a repetition of the same act, repeated over time, to create said form. \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1628\tx1691\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1646\fi-7\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Working with various media, Jessica Arseneau evokes the systems of representation and their interactions with human activities. The communication faculty of an urban landscape, the use of stock images, place\'92s architecture and gestures of the human body are revealed as spheres of research or as a medium. Sought is the fine line between the documented and the fiction, which possibly is an extension of reality. If human activities often operate in a narrative structure or are conducted by a reifying force, it happens within a set of representation and transforms the social, the historical and the imaginary landscapes. \
\
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In Jessica Arseneau's work, the body, human or non-human, enters into interruption with a place and an image scenery. The document of performance is used for a video piece or a photograph in order to excerpt the fictive. Installed in the public space or the exhibition room, the works often weaves \'93a set of disconnected events\'94 (to take Brian Eno\'92s card), that meets or contrasts through formal or conceptual parameters.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1617\fi30\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Jessica Arseneau received her B.A. from the Universit\'e9 de Moncton (2011) and was a member of the artist studio Atelier King Kong from 2013 to 2015 (Montreal). Public presentations of her work occurred at contemporary art spaces such as Darling Foundry (Montreal), BronxArtSpace (New York), FICFA (Moncton) and Janaklees for Visual Arts (Alexandrie), Traverse Vid\'e9o (Toulouse), HGB Galerie (Leipzig), Agora Collective (Berlin), Gallery 301 (Seoul). She currently studies in HGB Leipzig, Germany. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1628\tx1691\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1646\fi-7\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
 A set of disconnected event Something of a  photographs, videos and interventions, places are being displaced and replaced. \
\
Everything enters a  It result is a configuration in space that suggests a suspended narrative \'96 an implausible storyline existing in a temporal state between successive, created actions of drama, and actions which have already taken place. \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1628\tx1691\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1646\fi-7\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The documents of performance are transformed into videos or photographs to become an autonomous piece. }