{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  The image has a poetic power.\uc0\u8232 \
   <p>It maintains a visual force which, to use the words of Bachelard, "opens up a future of language". It is activated by the anatomy of which it is constituted. Still image, moving image, sequential image, referential image, research image, parasitic image, subversive image, reproduced image, interrupted image. The power of image poetry is defined by its ability to override the dominant visual regime, today closely related to temporal structures. Images subordinate to these structures that respond to the subjugation of flickering luminosity, rhythmic sequencing, synchronicity and acceleration. Proliferation of non-times. Non-times that substitute the spaces left for daydreaming and heterogeneous times, leaving no interstices for the mind that drifts towards its confabulations of pure inconsistencies. The poetics of the image takes up the uncontrollable reverie. It inflicts caesura. Caesura. Making it indeterminate. The image is standstill or suspension, which becomes a counter-sequence. A counter-temporality, perhaps, where there is rupture; An interrupted temporal order.</p>\
\
ancien po\'e8me sur d\'e9marche artistique\
\
\
\
\
    L'image a un pouvoir po\'e9tique.\uc0\u8232 \
    <p>Elle maintient une force visuelle qui, pour reprendre Bachelard, "ouvre un avenir du langage". Elle est activ\'e9e selon l'anatomie qui la constitue. Image fixe, image en mouvement, image s\'e9quentielle, image r\'e9f\'e9rentielle, image de recherche, image parasite, image subversive, image reproduite, image interrompue. Le pouvoir de la po\'e9sie de l'image est d\'e9fini par sa capacit\'e9 \'e0 outrepasser le r\'e9gime visuel dominant, aujourd'hui \'e9troitement reli\'e9e aux structures temporelles. Images subordonn\'e9es \'e0 ces structures qui r\'e9pondent \'e0 la subjugation de la luminosit\'e9 scintillante, de l'encha\'eenement rythmique, de la synchronicit\'e9 et de l'acc\'e9l\'e9ration. Prolif\'e9ration des non-temps. Non-temps qui substituent les espaces laiss\'e9s \'e0 la r\'eaverie et les temps h\'e9t\'e9roclites, ne laissant d'interstices pour l'esprit qui d\'e9rive vers ses confabulations de pures incoh\'e9rences. La po\'e9tique de l'image reprend l'incontr\'f4lable r\'eaverie. Elle inflige la c\'e9sure. C\'e9sure. La rendre ind\'e9termin\'e9e. L'image est l'immobilit\'e9 ou la suspension, devenue s\'e9quence contre-s\'e9quence. Une contre-temporalit\'e9, peut-\'eatre, o\'f9 il y a la rupture ; un ordre temporel interrompu.\uc0\u8232 </p>}